'''
    -  Precision measures that out of all the positive predicted examples, how many detections were correct?
    -  Recall measures that out of all actual positive examples, how many were we able to identify?


    - secret keys 
            1. When you cannot afford to have any false negatives, you prioritize recall.(sensitivity)
            2. When you cannot afford to have any false positives, you prioritize precision.          

'''
'''
            Let’s dive right into what we have been waiting for — the different use-cases 
                    where we prioritize one metric over the other.

            1) Medical test (eg. cancer detection):  Recall is more important

                        🔖 It is okay to classify a healthy person as having cancer (false positive) 
                        and following up with more medical tests, 
                        but it is definitely not okay to miss identifying a cancer patient or 
                        classifying a cancer patient as healthy (false negative) since the person’s
                        life is at stake.

            2) Recommendation Systems: Precision is more important
                        🔖 Missing out to recommend a particular famous movie is okay (low recall), 
                        but the overall recommendations should be good. If the customer is shown a lot
                        of irrelevant results (false positives), it will be a very bad experience for the user.

            3)  Predicting a good day based on weather conditions to launch satellite: Precision is more important
                        🔖 Missing out to predict a good weather day is okay (low recall),
                        but predicting the wrong weather day (false positive) to launch the 
                        satellite can be disastrous.

            4)  Criminal death punishment: Precision is more important
                        🔖 Missing out to punish a criminal is okay (low recall), 
                        but incriminating an innocent person (false positive) is undesirable.

            5)  Email spam detection: Precision is more important
                        🔖 Missing out to detect/classify a spam email is okay (low recall),
                        but no legit or important email must go into the spam folder (false positive).

            6) Identifying good customers for a bank loan: Precision is more 
                        🔖 Missing out to identify/classify a good customer eligible for the loan is okay (low recall), 
                        but approving a loan to a bad customer (false positive) who may never repay it is undesirable.

            7) Flagging fraudulent transactions: Recall is more important
                        🔖 It is okay to classify a legit transaction as fraudulent — 
                        it can always be reverified by passing through additional checks.
                        But it is definitely not okay to classify a fraudulent transaction
                        as legit (false negative).



'''